Add mentions about email template modifications in tutorial (#513)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/tutorial-transaction-process/customize-pricing/index.md

transaction price breakdown also shows the cleaning fee.

![Cleaning fee in booking breakdown in Flex Console](./consoleBookingBreakdown.png)

> <extrainfo title="Bonus: Add cleaning fee to email notifications">

Author: ```suggestion
<extrainfo title="Add cleaning fee to email notifications">
```

> If you want to add the cleaning fee to your email notifications, you will need to add it to the email templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add the cleaning fee to your email notifications, you will need to update the email template: money-paid-html.html.
```

Not absolutely necessary, but as this is a tutorial, I think it should be as unambiguous as possible.

Author: Good point - there are several templates where the change needs to be made, so I'll list them here!
